[secure-store][android] Add a config plugin for configuring the Android backup system (#29944)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/securestore.mdx

Setting this property automatically handles the compliance information prompt.

## Android Auto Backup

[Android Auto Backup for Apps](https://developer.android.com/identity/data/autobackup) automatically backs up a user's data from apps that target and run on Android 6.0 (API level 23) or higher.

> The Auto Backup system has to be configured to exclude `expo-secure-store` shared preferences entries, as it's impossible to decrypt them after
> restoring the backup &mdash; app's entries are deleted from the Android Key Store when the app is uninstalled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The Auto Backup system has to be configured to exclude `expo-secure-store` shared preferences entries, as it's impossible to decrypt them after restoring the backup &mdash; app's entries are deleted from the Android Key Store when the app is uninstalled.
```

- Let's break this from above paragraph.
- These new changes look good, thank you for clarifying!

Setting this property automatically handles the compliance information prompt.

## Android Auto Backup

> Android Auto Backup for Apps automatically backs up a user's data from apps that target and run on Android 6.0 (API level 23) or higher.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Android Auto Backup for Apps](https://developer.android.com/identity/data/autobackup) automatically backs up a user's data from apps that target and run on Android 6.0 (API level 23) or higher.
```

> The Auto Backup system has to be configured to exclude `expo-secure-store` data from the backup, as it's impossible to decrypt it after
> restoring the backup - the app will be using a different KeyStore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Auto Backup system has to be configured to exclude `expo-secure-store` data from the backup since it's impossible to decrypt it after restoring the backup &mdash; the app will use a different Keystore.
```

Will the app use a different Keystore after restoring the backup or the app requires the keystore to be generated once again? Asking because I found the last part of the sentence confusing.

Author: I changed the wording a bit, as there is only one Android KeyStore and just the app's entries are deleted 😅 
Entry creation is handled by the module when the user tries to save data

If your app doesn't have any custom backup configuration, `expo-secure-store` will automatically configure the Auto Backup system to ignore the `expo-secure-store` data.

> If you are using your own Auto Backup configuration you should exclude the `SecureStore` under the `sharedpref` domain and set the `configureAndroidBackup` to
> `false` in the [config plugin configuration](#example-appjson-with-config-plugin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using your own Auto Backup configuration, you should exclude the `SecureStore` under the `sharedpref` domain and set the `configureAndroidBackup` to `false` in the [config plugin configuration](#example-appjson-with-config-plugin).
```
